Update 01-intro.qmd (#23)
fhdsl/Containers_for_Scientists: 01-intro.qmd

ottrpal::include_slide("https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1T5Lfei2UVou9b0qaUCrWXmkcIwAao-UcN4pHMPEE4CY/edit#slide=id.g2942096bb40_0_787")
```

## Topics covered

This course covers how to use containers for scientific software development. Scientific software can take many forms but all can benefit from the concepts of continuous integration (CI) and continuous deployment (CD). Containers play a critical role in CI/CD by providing a consistent, portable, and isolated environment for building, testing, and deploying software.

```{r learning_objectives, out.width = "100%", fig.alt = "Describe the idea that that computing environments are moving targets. Be motivated for using containers in a scientific software development or analysis setting. Recognize containers as a tool for reproducibility", echo = FALSE}
ottrpal::include_slide("https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1T5Lfei2UVou9b0qaUCrWXmkcIwAao-UcN4pHMPEE4CY/edit#slide=id.g2942096bb40_0_464")
```

> This course builds on concepts introduced in the [Reproducibility](https://jhudatascience.org/Reproducibility_in_Cancer_Informatics/introduction.html) and [Advanced Reproducibility](https://jhudatascience.org/Adv_Reproducibility_in_Cancer_Informatics/introduction.html) courses from the ITCR Training Network. If you are unfamiliar with GitHub and/or do not have an account, we'd suggest you start with those courses by using the links below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This course builds on concepts introduced in the [Reproducibility](https://jhudatascience.org/Reproducibility_in_Cancer_Informatics/introduction.html) and [Advanced Reproducibility](https://jhudatascience.org/Adv_Reproducibility_in_Cancer_Informatics/introduction.html) courses from the ITCR Training Network. If you are unfamiliar with GitHub and/or do not have an account, we'd suggest you start with these courses first.
```

Reviewer: isn't it the links in the sentences right before?

Could instead just drop "by using the links above"

Author: You're totally right! I was thinking of the slide I think. I like the way you've rephrased it
